I think hundred thieves is a bit
overrated okay don't headline that don't
even pre-roll that before the interview
starts we'll see what happens I can't
make any promises
well I'm here during week nine of the NA
LCS it's the first week and Peter Pan
here has just won first secured first
place that's what happened right I feel
a little uncomfortable yeah why are you
uncomfortable week we got first place
you're looming a little bit yeah look
I'm just gonna say it didn't know if
this was gonna happen you had a weak
start trying to get my glasses on and
and then you guys like basically just
solidified everything I think in our
last interview you know freak was
casting his doubts he said he was you
guys are falling apart all odds were
against you and then you got first place
yeah I think I know freak says something
like we're imploding and he basically
just like made up because there's
no there's like no reason to say that
but towards the end of the split like
the beginning was really rough but
towards the end we got I think we became
a lot closer as a team and part of
getting closer I guess was just like
being more honest with each other about
like the habits that we want to break
from each other just like things that
bothered us about each other I got like
because if you're not close then that
might come off as like too personal but
like how much time you spend in the
bathroom kind of stuff yeah I know
exactly like now we just hang on the
bathroom all the time but yeah I think I
think our team we we realized like how
shitty we were looking in the beginning
and now we're more focused on like how
good do we have to be to compete at
Worlds which is really good I mean I was
I was watching lck playoffs and I've
been keeping up with LC k and LPL like
this whole year basically or since MSI
and like the teams that we're gonna play
at Worlds are here and like the NA
competition is like here so how
can we get from like you know that
difference cuz we're we're not gonna
reach world-class level playing in
Samara contains but we can get close
enough so that one way you're squirming
against them like it we can make that
rest of it up yeah you close the gap
yeah the gap is closing that's a good
way to put it I mean you did say here
and here and there's a really big gap
it's true
it's really big I mean it I am really
nervous because it just it doesn't feel
like at no point while watching the NA
LCS thinking I'm not an analyst but have
I ever been like wow look at how good
these teams are yeah I think part of its
like there's not a lot of fresh blood
like the new teams are kind of bad so
you end up kind of having these
preconceptions you're like baggage of
this is how good bjergsen is this is how
good Jensen is this is how good like
gold and glue is and and like who knee
is and all these players that you've
seen a billion times like me and all the
people that I listed you have like kind
of an idea of like oh this is like their
potential or this is kind of like where
they cap out and and like when you have
fresh blood coming into the scene all
the time like is in Korean and China
then you know you can have stuff like
Griffin where they made the finals and
they're just five rookies that have like
basically almost based almost all of
them haven't even played in lck before
stuff like that can happen and then you
know you can have this super young fresh
team but that doesn't really happen in
na so you just end up with like this
doubt of like is the team playing well
or is everyone just kind of still
mediocre or bad and that happens like a
lot more I think in na LCS than any
other region so people just kind of get
discouraged because they feel like oh
same shoots gonna happen again but like
in the back end it's so hard to explain
like how much we're trying to improve
and how just like every step that you
take towards getting better it's more
work every day like another hour or
another two hours then like though a
year before and the year before that in
the year before that and like how much
focus you have to bring like if I'm
having an off day or like I haven't had
enough caffeine had drink enough monster
then you know how much is that going to
affect the practice maybe a couple years
ago it didn't affect it that much but if
I'm having an off game then like that
can really over the whole team so I
don't know it's just it's it's all these
like building blocks and then it just
ends up where kids like ah honey is so
but
like it's not really true I think I
think we're actually pretty good we're
obviously not as good as Korea and China
but I think we're pretty good yeah but
we need to be as good as Korean China to
show up at Worlds I don't agree I think
a lot of what happens at Worlds is
adaptation from game to game week to
week and and when you're bootcamping
they're learning as much as you possibly
can from the practice and if your base
level is so low that people don't want
to scrim you you're not gonna learn
anything from the practice that happens
a lot but I think if we can come in
being really a really strong team and
actually like competing with you know
getting close to the other teams and we
have good practice and we're able to
learn fast then I think that's the
ultimate goal like I don't think we're
gonna go if we make rolls I'm really
we're going to go to Korea and be as
good as the best Korean team but I think
what we can do is with the higher level
competition learn a lot faster than them
yeah
with I think one thing that's super
interesting to me is that you said that
you've you as a team try to really shore
up things that were bothering you about
each other what were those things
outside the game were inside game or
both I mean what what was it that you
guys really focused on was it like a
personality thing or a game thing I
think it's a lot of things there's like
you know it's small personal takes for
four people it can it can make them feel
like maybe the ages we can feel bad or I
can make them slightly annoyed and that
kind of stuff can just build up and it's
better to just like let them know how it
makes that person feel and then on top
of that just in game stuff like people
don't feel listened to or they don't
feel like their input is valued as much
as like it should be or you you know
like they don't feel like their
teammates are putting in as much effort
as they should be stuff like that like
if you if you just hold you that in and
you're bottling it up it's not as good
so I think we had some problems like
early on cuz we were a little burnt out
after MSI we didn't really have much of
a break and our team was looking kind of
weak and we had like a lot of negative
feelings but like letting that out now
we're way better yeah so you seem to be
very excited after that came where you
guys won was it because the game was so
intense it was just the
excitement around securing first place
again I don't even care about securing
first dude I was a the game was really
intense and Aggie Fox was real is really
good they're a really good team and they
played a comp that we we just didn't
know if we could beat it it's it's a
really really obnoxious na special which
is zillion kindred with a hard tank top
and kinda hyper carry and I had zillion
kindred tahm Kench so it's like extra
hard to kill anybody they can all save
each other and there's these three like
defensive champions with an unkillable
tank and a hyper carry in the back so we
you know when we came into champ
selector like when we're letting in the
game we started listening off all of the
things that we could do to win they're
really narrow they're really specific
and it's it's hard to execute on them so
I'm really happy we're able to execute
it was just a good game I think they
played well we played well so I'm happy
about it and what so you didn't really
care about securing first I mean we can
just secure it tomorrow anyways if we
lost today it was nice it's nice it's
not that I don't care it's like that
wasn't the reason why I was so happy it
was just the game itself yeah and two
games are after this one
TSM will play optic which is likely
likely to be their one chance at making
continuing their run this year yeah what
do you think of their situation hmm
being a former teammate teammate I think
I think that TSM is probably not going
to crack another pressure optic might
because it's it's a match like
everyone's eyes are on and I don't think
optics ever played a match where a lot
of people's eyes are looking at that
match because they've been at the bottom
for so hyung but TSM their players have
been there a billion times so I think
mentally they're gonna have an advantage
and I don't see optic being that much
better than them individually either
like just skill wise so mentally they
have an advantage and then I think skill
wise it's like you know you don't know
what's gonna happen
so give it to TSM you guys have a pretty
good chance of making worlds right now
because just like even if you don't win
you've got points and all stuff who do
you think would be the two other teams
to join you assuming you go
I feel like I never can count out TSM to
make worlds so I'm gonna I'm gonna throw
their name out there and then the other
team not that they're the favorites but
I'm gonna throw that they could Bank
worlds other teams like the real two
favorites probably be echo Fox and cloud
nine I wouldn't
I think hundred thieves is a bit
overrated
okay don't headline that don't even
pre-roll that before the interview
starts we'll see what happens I can't
make any promises yeah I mean reckless
didn't give me two shout out this week
four he says he only does interviews
with me because I don't headline think
but I feel like I could make an
exception with you anyway
I was curious so so you you still think
TSM can make it
you're throwing their name out there
what about cloud nine yeah cloud nine
looks really good their roster is
flexible which can be an upside it can
be a downside actually as well and
because the players that they're being
flexing like flexing in and out are
gonna have less practice overall so
maybe they'll have more versatility but
they'll be less refined another thing
that could happen with the flexible
roster is like they could just be ready
to bust at like a counter strata in a
moment so that's the positive and yeah
their team overall is pretty good I
wouldn't say they're like unrefined but
because they have a lot of veterans but
they we lost them pretty convincingly I
think they might have shown all their
cards already yeah finally this morning
I hit 113 I did some more of the
questing after after you got off ease
because you were busy and I just you
know what what are you gonna catch up I
think the only reason why everyone today
is because I started playing well
shoutouts to Blizzard yeah and right
games in right news why are you shutting
out Riot Games for the gardener it comes
to Wow because I'm one ad League of
Legends shadow try it because it wow
shot at the blizzard okay I understand
it's easy for me to see how those two
things work together yes all right when
you hit 120 it's gonna take me a long
time Travis I'm I'm playing maybe every
two to three days one session and I'll
play like maybe two or three hours all
right well I'll be waiting for you there
yeah you and all my Purple's legendaries
artifacts so anything you want to say to
any of the fans out there no just thank
you guys so much lately I've been I've
been having you know just a lot of fun
like being a pro streaming and and just
like interacting with the fans and stuff
so yeah I want to I think this is like
the cheesy-ass na Redemption arc where
possibly America does really well at an
international event and like kind of
revitalizes the scene and makes people
kind of like loved my team and my the
region again I don't know I have this
grand fantasy okay I beat off to it
every day so hopefully hopefully we can
make I can make that a reality at Worlds
thank you guys thank you so much for the
interview I think at the beginning of
the interview I forgot to shout out Omni
slash so thanks to Omni slash this
interviews brought to them hashtag
sponsored XD I have some unfortunate
news for you guys
things are getting much more financially
tough for me
Omni slash of course does everything
they can they support me it's amazing
but I think you guys might have heard
that last split it was about 20 grand
for a doublelift interview we're now at
35 I don't know how it went up so much
in such a short time but I'm now
spending literally $35,000 every time I
interview Peter and by the way he
charges another thousand for every time
that he ends up in my social so if you
guys want to help me out that'd be super
cool just subscribe to the channel like
the videos there's other links in the
description you can check those out
thanks so much to Omni slash for the
support